ACD-892 (#81)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteWarehousing/UserInterface/03a_Warehouse.md

- *External warehouse type*  
    Click the drop-down list to select **Fulfillment module**. 

    > [Info] Other options are no longer supported. 

- *Connection*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the appropriate connection to the externally controlled warehouse. All available connections are displayed.

- *Return to this location possible*  
     Click the drop-down list and select **Yes** to allow products to be returned to this warehouse group. Otherwise, select **No**. 

- *Name*  
    Enter a name for the externally controlled warehouse if desired.

- *Street*  
    Enter the street and house number where the externally controlled warehouse is located if desired.

- *Zip*  
    Enter the zip code of the warehouse group location. This field is mandatory to determine the VAT to be applied.

- *City*  
    Enter the city where the external warehouse group is located if desired.

- *Country*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the country where the warehouse group is located. This field is mandatory to determine the VAT to be applied.

- *Comments*  

>     Enter any additional you want information in this field.

Author: ```suggestion
Enter any further relevant information in this field.
```

>     Enter any additional you want information in this field.

Author: ```suggestion
    Enter any further relevant information in this field.
```

For detailed information on how to configure the stock withdrawal matrix, see [Configure the stock withdrawal matrix](../Integration/05_ConfigureStockWithdrawalMatrix.md).

The following functions and fields are displayed:

- *Delivery address country*  
    Click a field to display the drop-down list and select the country where the order has to be delivered, or leave it blank if no delivery applies.

- *Product group*  
    This function is no longer supported and can be ignored. 

[comment]: <> (Evtl. löschen)

- *Sales channel*  
    Click a field to display the drop-down list and select the channel where the order originates. The following options are available: 

    - **All**  
        Select this option for all sales channels.
    - **None**  
        Select this option for orders that are manually created via the *Order Management* module.
    - **Core 1 Channels**  
        Select this option for all sales channels connected via the *Omni-Channel* module. 
    - **Shop**   

>         Select this option for orders imported via the *Multimarkets* module. This module is currently being replaced by *Omni-Channel*.  

Author: Multimarkets ist das alte Omni-Channel. Das betrifft nur Kunden, die das alte Modul noch im Einsatz haben.

The list displays all available warehouses and warehouse groups. 

The following functions and fields are displayed:

- [NEW GROUP]  
    Click this button to create a warehouse group. The *Basic data* sub-tab is displayed, see [Warehouse group basic data](#warehouse-group-basic-data).

- [NEW WAREHOUSE]  
    Click this button to create a warehouse. The *Basic data* sub-tab is displayed, see [Warehouse basic data](#warehouse-basic-data). 

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
    Click this button to update the list of warehouses/warehouse groups.

- ![Collapse](../../Assets/Icons/Minus.png "[Collapse]") (Collapse)   
    Click this button to collapse the list of warehouses/warehouse groups.

- ![Expand](../../Assets/Icons/Plus03.png "[Expand]") (Expand)  
    Click this button to expand the list of warehouses/warehouse groups. 

- *No warehouse group*  
    This group is created by default and includes all warehouses that are not assigned to a specific warehouse group. 

[comment]: <> (Julian: Stimmt das so?)

> [comment]: <> (Evtl. Refresh, collapse/expand löschen; Verweis auf UI Buttons in Core1. Collapse/Expand nicht in Core1, da alte UI-Elemente)

Reviewer: gute idee

- *Return to this location possible*  
     Click the drop-down list and select **Yes** to allow products to be returned to this warehouse group. Otherwise, select **No**. 

- *Name*  
    Enter a name for the externally controlled warehouse if desired.

- *Street*  
    Enter the street and house number where the externally controlled warehouse is located if desired.

- *Zip*  
    Enter the zip code of the warehouse group location. This field is mandatory to determine the VAT to be applied.

- *City*  
    Enter the city where the external warehouse group is located if desired.

- *Country*  
    Click the drop-down list and select the country where the warehouse group is located. This field is mandatory to determine the VAT to be applied.

- *Comments*  
    Enter any further relevant information in this field.

- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the warehouse group. 
    
- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh Icon]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to display the new warehouse group in the list of warehouses.

> [comment]: <> (Evtl. Refresh löschen)

Reviewer: gute idee

![Warehouse basic data](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteWarehousing/Settings/Warehouse/WarehouseMasterData/WarehouseBasicData.png "[Warehouse basic data]")

The following functions and fields are displayed:

- *Warehouse*  
    Enter a unique number for the warehouse. This is the warehouse ID.

- *Warehouse group*  
    Click the drop-down list to select the warehouse group where you want to include the current warehouse.  

- *Designation*  
    Enter a name for the warehouse.

- *Products per storage shelf*  
    Click the drop-down list to select **Different products per storage shelf**   
    
    > [Info] The **One product per storage shelf** option is no longer supported.  
    
- *Exclude from ordering*  
    Click the drop-down list and select **Yes** or **No** to exclude the stock in this warehouse from the purchasing process or not.

[comment]: <> (Julian: Bitte prüfen)

- *Comment*  
    Enter any additional you want information in this field.
    
- [SAVE]   
    Click this button to save the warehouse. 
    
- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh Icon]") (Refresh)  
    Click this button to display the new warehouse in the list of warehouses.

> [comment]: <> (Evtl. Refresh löschen)

Reviewer: gute idee
